[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>I invite you to get fully
connected to your body,
to your soul, and to your mind.
You know, we move
around, so busy,
that we spend more time outside
of ourselves than inside.
So let's go in together.
Visualize a serene
setting, whether it
be water, grass, flowers,
butterflies-- something bigger
and more amazing than us.
And I want to ask you
to engage your mind,
surrendering to your greatness
and accepting your value.
I want you to refrain
from allowing your mind
to ask the why, the how,
the when, the where.
You don't need any of
those answers right now.
You just need to know
that it's the perfect time
to set your champion free.
Take a deep breath with me,
allowing all of other thoughts
to melt away.
I am designed for greatness.
My light is meant to shine.
And my job is to let it shine.
I am worthy of healthy,
whole, and complete love.
No one can design
my destiny but me.
I will get to my goals with
a "no matter what" mindset.
I move forward with
the understanding
that quitters never win,
and winners never quit.
And I have been
designed as a winner.
You have everything
you need within you
to experience the life that
you want to experience.
Bliss, joy, peace of mind,
and crazy amazing love
are all yours.
It's all available to you.
This world would not be the
same if you weren't here.
And your life belongs to you,
but it also belongs to us.
When you win, we win.
And when you have
a breakthrough,
we celebrate that
breakthrough with you.
As you continue to set your
champion free, I say thank you.
You prayed the prayer.
You did the work.
You said yes.
Set your champion free.
[MUSIC PLAYING]